[hipBLASLt] Add invoke task runner and modernize dependency handling (#6455)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipblaslt/docs/install/building-installing-hipblaslt.rst

   sudo apt update && sudo apt install hipblaslt

Building hipBLASLt using invoke
================================

hipBLASLt provides an `invoke <https://www.pyinvoke.org/>`_-based task runner for building and
installing hipBLASLt and its dependencies. This supports Linux and Windows (ROCm 7.0+).

.. note::

   To build ROCm 6.4 and older, use the hipBLASLt repository at `<https://github.com/ROCm/hipBLASLt>`_.
   Select the documentation associated with the release you want to build.

Setting up the environment
--------------------------

Create a virtual environment and install the Python build dependencies:

.. code-block:: bash

   python3 -m venv .venv
   source .venv/bin/activate   # Windows: .venv\Scripts\activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt

Building the library dependencies and library
---------------------------------------------

> Some typical examples of how to build the library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some typical examples showing how to build the library:
```

``hipblaslt-bench``            Executable to benchmark or test individual functions
============================= ========================================================

> Common ways to build the dependencies, library, and client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some common ways to build the dependencies, library, and client:
```

.. csv-table::
   :header: "Command","Description"
   :widths: 40, 100

   "``inv --help build``", "Help information."
   "``inv build --install-deps --clients``", "Install system dependencies and build the library and client."
   "``inv build --clients``", "Build the library and client. Assumes dependencies are already installed."
   "``inv build --install-deps --clients --install-pkg``", "Build everything and install the hipBLASLt package."

Static library
--------------

To build a static library, use the ``--static`` option.
This produces a non-standard static library build. This means it has an additional runtime dependency
consisting of the entire ``hipblaslt/`` subdirectory, which is located in the ``/opt/rocm/lib`` folder.
You can move this folder, but you must set the environment variable ``HIPBLASLT_TENSILE_LIBPATH``
to the new location.

Dependencies
------------

Python dependencies are listed in ``requirements.txt`` and installed via ``pip install -r requirements.txt``.

> System dependencies (compilers, numa, etc.) can be installed by passing ``--install-deps`` to ``inv build``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System dependencies (such as compilers and NUMA) can be installed by passing ``--install-deps`` to ``inv build``.
```
